capital = 1295

#GDP Regional distribution
set_country_flag = GDP_regions

# Vacant
recruit_character = ALB_Generic_Vacant
recruit_character = ALB_Koci_Xoxe
recruit_character = ALB_Tefik_Mborja
recruit_character = ALB_Amedeo_De_Cia
recruit_character = ALB_Dhimiter_Beratti
recruit_character = ALB_Prenk_Pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_Xhemil_Dino
recruit_character = ALB_Zenone_Benini
recruit_character = ALB_Zef_Pali
recruit_character = ALB_Musine_Kokalari
recruit_character = ALB_Esat_Bajraktari
recruit_character = ALB_Sabri_Godo
recruit_character = ALB_Abas_Ermenji
recruit_character = ALB_Hasan_Dosti
recruit_character = ALB_Xhafer_Deva
recruit_character = ALB_Gjergj_Kokoshi
recruit_character = ALB_Skender_Luarasi
recruit_character = ALB_Mihal_Zallar
recruit_character = ALB_Ernest_Koliqi
recruit_character = ALB_Niko_Xoxi
recruit_character = ALB_Zeqi_Agolli
recruit_character = ALB_Andrea_Zisi
recruit_character = ALB_Sejfullah_Maleshova
recruit_character = ALB_Myslim_Peza
recruit_character = ALB_Mihal_Zallari
recruit_character = ALB_Mehmet_Shehu
recruit_character = ALB_Hysni_Kapo
recruit_character = ALB_Maliq_Bushati


set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 50
oob = "ALB_1962"
add_manpower = 10000

#Italian endo/exo
set_country_flag = italian_names

add_ideas = {
	### Faction Status ###
	TRI_Member_Client

	### NatSpirits ###
	ALB_the_albanian_diarchy
	ALB_lnc_kck
	ALB_the_economic_divide
	ITA_idea_colonial_government

	### Ministers ###
	ALB_Amedeo_de_Cia_hog
	ALB_Xhemil_Dino_for
	ALB_Dhimiter_Beratti_eco
	ALB_Zenone_Benini_sec
	#ALB_Francesco_Jacamoni_high_command
	ALB_Prenk_Pervizi_army_chief
	
	### Political Laws ###
	tno_political_parties_controlled_opposition
	tno_religious_rights_pluralism
	tno_trade_unions_state_controlled
	tno_immigration_quota_immigration
	tno_slavery_outlawed
	tno_public_meetings_regulated
	tno_press_rights_state_press_only
	tno_vote_franchise_elite_voting

	### Military Laws ###
	tno_conscription_broadened_conscription
	tno_military_supervision_no_supervision
	tno_training_basic_training
	tno_draft_exemptions_civil_service_deferment

	### Economy Laws ###
	tno_trade_laws_export_focus
	tno_income_taxation_low_income_weighted
	tno_minimum_wage_trinket_minimum_wage
	tno_max_workhours_12_hour_work_day
	tno_pensions_low_pensions
	tno_unemployment_no_subsidies

	### Social Laws ###
	tno_health_care_low_income_protections
	tno_education_stratified_education
	tno_penal_system_overt_oppression
	tno_gender_rights_traditional_roles
	tno_security_political_control
	tno_regulations_token_regulations

	### Misc Laws ###
	tno_refugees_skilled
	tno_women_banned
	tno_racial_integration_segregated_regiments
	tno_child_labor_illegal
	tno_safety_limited_regulations
	tno_pollution_no_controls
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed
	tno_minorities_segregation

	### Societal Development ###
	tno_academic_base_basic_literacy
	tno_research_facilities_outdated
	tno_agriculture_centralized
	tno_healthcare_nascent
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems
	tno_industrial_equipment_factory_complexes
	tno_industrial_expertise_nascent
	tno_army_professionalism_cronyism
}


every_owned_state = {
	ALB = { give_resource_rights = { receiver = ITA state = PREV resources = { aluminium rubber tungsten steel chromium } } }
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1962.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_cosmetic_tag = ALB_ITA

set_popularities = {
	communist = 0
	progressivism = 0
	liberalism = 0
	conservatism = 20
	paternalism = 30
	despotism = 15
	ultranationalism = 0
	fascism = 35
	national_socialism = 0
}

### Embargoes ###
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GER = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GGR = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@BGR = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@HGR = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@SGR = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@CZE = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GGN = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@SLO = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@UKR = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@MCW = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@OST = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@COG = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@CAU = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@SER = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@DEN = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@HOL = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@NOR = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@CRN = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@MAD = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@MZB = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@ANG = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@HOL = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@BRG = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@BUL = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@ENG = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@FRA = 1 }
set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@IRE = 1 }
