capital = 1535

# Vacant
recruit_character = CAM_Generic_Vacant

oob = "CAM_1962"

# Leaders

recruit_character = CAM_Son_Ngoc_Thanh
recruit_character = CAM_Ieu_Koeus
recruit_character = CAM_Achar_Sok
recruit_character = CAM_In_Tam
recruit_character = CAM_Sisowath_Sirik_Matak
recruit_character = CAM_Yem_Sambaur
recruit_character = CAM_Hu_Nim
recruit_character = CAM_Hou_Yuon
recruit_character = CAM_Pach_Chhoeun
recruit_character = CAM_Khieu_Samphan
recruit_character = CAM_Sim_Var
recruit_character = CAM_Norodom_Sihanouk
recruit_character = CAM_Lon_Nol
recruit_character = CAM_Lon_Non
recruit_character = CAM_Ea_Sichau
recruit_character = CAM_Var_Karmel
recruit_character = CAM_Dap_Chhuon
recruit_character = CAM_Sam_Sary
recruit_character = CAM_Nuon_Chea
recruit_character = CAM_Son_Ngoc_Minh
recruit_character = CAM_Saloth_Sar
recruit_character = CAM_Trinh_Hoanh

# Ministers
#recruit_character = CAM_Norodom_Kantol
recruit_character = CAM_Son_Sann
#recruit_character = CAM_Nhiek_Tioulong

CAM_Son_Ngoc_Thanh = {
	promote_character = paternalism_left_wing_corporatism_subtype
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternalism
	last_election = "1960.11.11"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 1
	socialist = 3
	paternalism = 44
	paternalism_1 = 30
	despotism = 7
	fascism = 15
	national_socialism = 0
	ultranationalism = 0
	
}

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

	##INFANTRY##
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	night_vision_1 = 1
	
	infantry_kit_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	night_vision_2 = 1
	infantry_kit_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_mine_1 = 1
	infantry_kit_3 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_ammo_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_grenade_1 = 1
	#
	basic_infantry_equipment = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_at = 1
	infantry_at_upgrade_1 = 1
	motorized_infantry = 1
	#infantry_aa = 1
	#infantry_aa2 = 1
	##SUPPORT##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	assault_weapons_1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1
	##ARTY##
	artillery_1945 = 1
	antiair_1945 = 1
	##ARMOR##
	IFV_1945 = 1
	MBT_1945 = 1
	APC_1945 = 1

	APC_1950 = 1
	APC_1950_basic_turret = 1
	#APC_1950_basic_engine = 1

	IFV_1950 = 1
	
	MBT_1950 = 1

	AC_1945 = 1
	AC_1950 = 1

	##AIRCRAFT##
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter_1945 = 1
	interceptor_1945 = 1
	CAS_1945 = 1
	##HEAVY AIRCRAFT##
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	heavy_air_1945 = 1
	tac_bomber1 = 1
	tac_air_1945 = 1
	transport_air1 = 1
	transport_air_1945 = 1
	##ENGINEERING##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	basic_encryption = 1
	basic_decryption = 1
	##INDUSTRY##
	ww2_line_production = 1
	batch_production_1 = 1
	energy_technology_1 = 1
	social_construction_1 = 1
	military_construction_1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	#Country#
	Sphere_Economic_Dependent
	CAM_Dictatorial_Devaraja
	CAM_Jewel_Of_The_Republic
	CAM_The_Unloving_Father
	CAM_The_North_South_Axis
	CAM_The_Five_Year_Plan
	CAM_Spilling_The_Masters_Tea
	#POLITICAL
	tno_political_parties_one_party_state
	tno_religious_rights_secularism
	tno_trade_unions_illegal
	tno_immigration_quota_immigration
	tno_slavery_penal_labor
	tno_public_meetings_regulated
	tno_press_rights_state_press_only
	tno_vote_franchise_registered_voting
	#MILITARY
	tno_conscription_limited_conscription
	tno_military_supervision_rules_of_engagement
	tno_training_basic_training
	tno_draft_exemptions_generous_exemptions
	#SOCIAL
	tno_health_care_support_for_emergencies
	tno_education_public_education
	tno_penal_system_harsh_penal_code
	tno_gender_rights_women_in_the_workplace
	tno_security_maintenance_of_order
	tno_regulations_token_regulations
	#ECONOMIC
	tno_trade_laws_limited_exports
	tno_income_taxation_no_income_taxation
	tno_minimum_wage_low_minimum_wage
	tno_max_workhours_unlimited_work_day
	tno_pensions_no_pensions
	tno_unemployment_no_subsidies
	#MISC
	tno_refugees_vetted_entry
	tno_women_military_assistance
	tno_racial_integration_integrated_military
	tno_safety_no_regulations
	tno_pollution_few_regulations
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed
	tno_minorities_equal_rights
	tno_child_labor_restricted
	#DEVELOPMENT#
	tno_industrial_expertise_nascent
	tno_industrial_equipment_manufacturing_lines
	tno_agriculture_subsistence
	tno_healthcare_rudimentary
	tno_research_facilities_basic
	tno_academic_base_mass_illiteracy
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems
	tno_army_professionalism_cronyism
	
	#MINISTERS
	CAM_Ieu_Koeus_hog
	CAM_Son_Sann_eco
	CAM_Achar_Sok_for
	CAM_Dap_Chhuon_sec
}

#econtype
set_variable = { TNO_economy_type = token:Econ_Type_Corporatism }

